Document the flag to exclude modules in the ballerina test command (#1458)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-www: website/two-column-pages/docs/learn/how-to-test-ballerina-code.md

```
ballerina help test 
```

> Use the `--exclude-modules` flag in the `ballerina test` command to exclude testing a certain module(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `--exclude-modules` flag with the `ballerina test` command to exclude a certain module(s) when running tests.
```

Author: Fixed.
